AMP-92753 Add Snowflake Data Share setup steps and limitation (#166)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/snowflake-data-share.md

    Amplitude's Snowflake Data Share Export is a paid add on to your Amplitude contract.

## Limits

Snowflake only supports data share within same region and same cloud. Amplitude's Snowflake is in US West (Oregon) region and using Amazon Web Services. To enable cross region cross cloud data share, reach out to your Account Manager at Amplitude or contact Amplitude Support.

> ## Set up a recurring data export to Snowflake via Data Share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up a recurring data export to Snowflake with Data Share
```

> Creating a recurring data export is a simple process you can handle yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Share enables you to create a recurring data export and monitor existing export jobs.
```

Author: This will be the same as a normal Snowflake export, except once exported to Amplitude's Snowflake, it will data share with the customer to give them the access, so I think the original statement is more clear.

Reviewer: Cool, just wanted to get away from saying "simple process you can handle yourself", as it skews a bit toward marketing.

Author: Totally make sense, I have just removed this completely. Please review. Thanks!

> This method also lets you watch jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To set up a recurring export of your Amplitude data to Snowflake, follow these steps:

!!!info "Required user permissions"

    You need admin/manager privileges in Amplitude, as well as a role that allows you to enable resources in Snowflake.

1. In Amplitude Data, click **Catalog** and select the **Destinations** tab.
2. In the Warehouse Destinations section, click **Snowflake Data Share**.
3. Under *Access Data via Snowflake Data Share*, enter the following information:
      - **Account Name**: This is the account name on your Snowflake account. It's the first part of your Snowflake URL, after 'https://' and before 'snowflakecomputing.com'. For example, if your Snowflake URL is 'http://amplitude.snowflakecomputing.com', then you should enter 'amplitude'.
      - **Org Name**: This is the name of your Snowflake organization.

> 4. Choose which data you'd like to include in this export: *Raw events every 5 minutes*, *Merged IDs every hour*, or export both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose which data to include in this export: *Raw events every 5 minutes*, *Merged IDs every hour*, or both.
```

> 4. Click **Next**, enter the name of this Snowflake export and click Finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Next**, enter the name of this Snowflake export and click Finish.
```

> All future events are automatically sent to your Snowflake via Data Share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When complete, Amplitude sends all future events to Snowflake with Data Share.
```

> From here, Amplitude generates micro-batch files at five-minute intervals and loads them to Amplitude's Snowflake account every 5 minutes, then data share with customer's Snowflake account.

Reviewer: @joez2 
This sentence is a a little confusing. I think we can combine with the sentence above. Does micro-batch file creation _and_ transmission to Amplitude's Snowflake instance happen every 5 minutes? What about if they choose *Merged IDs every hour*?

Author: Here we only talk about raw events. Maybe we can simply remove this, given we have already mentioned: 
*Raw events every 5 minutes*, *Merged IDs every hour* above

Author: Removed :)
